feat: hide tos checkbox optional (#13823)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

<details>

## TOS checkbox position update

> The Terms of Service (TOS) will be relocated to the bottom of the order confirmation page. The checkbox will be hidden by default due to not being necessary and replaced with a descriptive label, while its visibility can be controlled using the new configuration option `core.cart.showTosCheckbox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terms of Service (TOS) was relocated to the bottom of the order confirmation page. The checkbox is now hidden by default due to not being necessary and replaced with a descriptive label, while its visibility can be controlled using the new configuration option `core.cart.showTosCheckbox`.
```

the upgrade guide needs to be written as if the change already happend :wink:
